Oh, by the way, Zef.
How are you feeling
after going through that?
[gasps] I'm fine! Don't worry!
[MIRA]
I'm happy for you.
[ZEF]
Thanks.
[MIRA] Now. Since I've
already come so far,
would you lot mind bringing
Tact back to town on your own?
There's something I still
need to take care of
on the sixth level.
The sixth level?
I feel like I was told
there's some big castle
or temple down there.
Am I making that up?
No, you're not.
I'm heading to said castle.
But thousands of people have
gone exploring down there
already and word is, none of
them found anything worthwhile.
Hey, Mira, um...
Do you think it'd be okay
if we stuck with you?
[ZEF]
Yeah, can we?
If it were anyone else,
I'd call 'em crazy,
but if you've got
business there, I wanna go.
Reconsider!
There's no telling what danger
may be lurking down below.
[ASVAL] Hah! Honestly, there's
nowhere safer in this dungeon
than by your side, little miss.
I wanna see it, too!
[FLICKER]
Agreed!
I mean, I'd follow you
anywhere you go, Mira!
You're all very strange.
[MIRA] Well, in truth,
I'd like to spend
a little more time
with these folks, so...
[sighs] Follow me.
You must not stray from my side.
[EMELLA]
That reminds me, Mira.
You mentioned a "Howard"
earlier, didn't you?
Hey, Howard!
Look, it's the holy water
that you loved so much!
An old acquaintance of mine.
I wanted to ask him something,
but it seems our
bond was lacking.
Is he by any chance
an older gentleman
who always wore a trench coat
and a flat-top hat?
By the stars,
that's precisely the one.
That's what I thought.
I had a feeling you were
talking about him.
[MIRA] So you know that
self-proclaimed demon expert?
[EMELLA] I wouldn't say I know
him, but a long time ago,
in the Lion King's Lair,
he randomly splashed
holy water on me.
[MIRA]
You as well?
He certainly did that to anyone
and everyone he could.
And that's the guy
you wanted to see, is he?
Oh. Just a hunch, but any chance
it's related to the recent
appearance of that Lesser Demon?
Very astute.
I won't say it's not.
[FLICKER] Speaking of, I heard
a Lesser Demon's shown up
near Alcait recently, too.
[MIRA]
"Too?"
It's appeared elsewhere?
[FLICKER] Yeah, in the last
week alone, demon sightings
have been reported in
two other kingdoms as well.
[FLICKER] I'm willing
to bet they'll issue
an advisory warning about it
to all adventurers soon.
[MIRA]
Interesting.
This makes it even less likely
that the appearances are random.
There must be some
objective behind it.
[gasps]
Something wrong? You okay?
Oh, it's nothing.
[MIRA]
Perfect. The call of nature.
It's Mira's holy water.
What I wouldn't give
to get a hold of that!
I gotta... I gotta
have her holy water!
[MIRA]
I need to have a bit of privacy.
[ZEF]
All right. Guess we've arrived.
[ASVAL]
Ooh, so this is it.
I'd heard stories, but this
place is really somethin'.
[EMELLA]
You can say that again.
It's so massive,
it's hard to believe
we're deep underground here.
[FLICKER]
Hey, Mira! Wait!
Oh, wow. The inside's big, too!
[ZEF] Yeah, but there's also
a whole lotta nothin' here.
Hey, Mira.
What on earth did you
come to this place for?
[EMELLA]
A hidden door!
[ZEF] Man, considering
how well it was hidden,
I guess it's no wonder no one
else noticed it before.
And yet, with one look,
she saw it.
Mira really is incredible!
This is as far as you go.
I'll be proceeding alone from
here on out, understand?
I'm on somewhat
of a secret errand.
Oh. Well, that's a shame.
If you say so, fine.
Oh, so Mira's got a secret.
Wonder what that could be--
Why don't you keep
an eye on Tact for me?
Uh. Okay. I'm on it.
I'll see ya later.
Be careful!
Yes. I'm off.
[screams] I'd better
move quickly--
I played it cool for too long!
There it is!
This is awkward, but you
can't fight necessity.
[sighs]
[sighs] The Immortal Arts:
Biometric Scan.
Would you look at that?
They're all being good
and staying put.
Now let's see.
It doesn't look like
there are any readings
that could be Soul Howl yet.
Seems I'll have to venture
to the final floor after all.
Ugh.
[MIRA]
There's one. But that's strange.
It's awfully weak to be him.
Could it be...?
[MIRA]
The throne room. Huh.
[gasps]
[MIRA]
No signs of life.
Soul Howl's deplorable,
and he's only become worse
in my 30-year absence.
Although...
There was that one life
reading detected in here.
[MIRA gasps]
So cold.
But she isn't actually dead.
Then she must be the one I was
picking up on this floor.
Why is she the only
one still alive?
Hey, Soul Howl!
Are you not here?
That eccentric.
What the hell is he thinking?
[MIRA]
Oh. His research laboratory?
Ah-hah.
My, this works out perfectly!
For as long as
I've known the man,
I could never understand
his unique proclivities.
But there's one thing
we do have in common,
and that's our taste in clothes.
[MIRA]
He has so many.
My pilfering an outfit or two
shouldn't cause any problems.
No good.
I should've expected
they'd all be far too big.
Oh, well!
[MIRA] Oh. Well, it's a bit
short for my tastes.
I could certainly
never dress like this,
it would obliterate
my dignity.
Worth a shot. There's
nothing here to take.
Oh, wow!
These are invaluable!
I couldn't bear to
see them wither away
in a place like this!
I'll just have to borrow
them for a short while.
Isn't that...
...the Holy Grail
of Heavenly Light?
It's a legendary item
that heals any wound
and helps cure
any status effect.
It's even said to be powerful
enough to resurrect the dead.
[MIRA] Apologies.
I need to see your back.
[MIRA]
I thought so. Devil's Blessing.
So that's what he's doing.
Soul Howl used necromancy to
effectively stop time for her,
to pause the
progression of a curse.
And that's buying
him time to obtain
the Holy Grail of Heavenly
Light to cure her.
I see. It's hard to
believe he'd do that.
[DANBLF]
There's no saving that girl now.
Won't you leave her be and
allow her family to mourn?
[SOUL HOWL]
Think, old one.
To bury a beautiful woman and
return her body to the soil
would be a crime against nature.
I'll take her and begin
the embalming process
and store her with
the utmost care.
Thus her beauty will be
eternally preserved.
Never to be touched
or tarnished by aging.
She will shine from now
to the end of time.
[MIRA]
To think that sick bastard
would go to these lengths
for a woman who's still alive.
I suppose that means he's done
some positive growing, too.
[MIRA]
Hm? What's going on?
They all right?
[ZEF]
Oh, hey, glad you're safe!
Welcome back,
Miss Mira, how was it?
No trouble. I trust
you behaved yourself.
So, what's wrong with the girls?
Mira! What is this place?
I thought there wasn't supposed
to be anything here!
There're so many dead maids!
I can't even count them all!
[MIRA]
Honestly.
He had even more of them
hidden out here?
Come on, Soul Howl.
Must you be such an
unbelievably twisted person?
[ZEF] Huh? Did anyone else
hear something move?
[ASVAL]
Eh, it was probably nothin'.
You said it yourself,
tons of adventurers
have explored down here.
And there was nothing around,
including monsters.
No, wait. There's
definitely something!
[MIRA]
Watch out!
[ZEF]
A demon?
[FLICKER]
No way!
[WOLF BANE]
Ooh.
I didn't expect to see
people in such a place.
But what good fortune.
You six will make
a fine offering.
Young Tact. Go hide
for a little while.
[MIRA] Hm, so he's
a third-ranked count.
What do you say, team?
Think you can fight him?
[ASVAL] If you mean
"as equals" then no,
that's probably not happening.
But if we're willing to make
some sacrifices, then maybe.
Understood. In that case...
You all go hide as well.
I'll deal with this myself.
[EMELLA]
But the other guy's a demon!
I admit you're skilled,
but you can't take him alone!
[ASVAL] If you're gonna
summon that Valkyrie,
we can at least buy you time.
That sound like a plan to you?
Sorry, but I don't
think even that
would be enough to do it!
[ZEF] Guys! Let's do
as she says and go!
Are you sure?
Think of it this way,
if it helps.
She can't go all out
if we're here!
Nah, couldn't be.
[WOLF BANE] My, you actually
parried a blow from my scythe.
In respect for your skill,
perhaps I will grant
you an introduction.
My name is Wolf Bane.
Soul Taker of Valnares.
I am Mira.
And as you can see,
I am a summoner.
[WOLF BANE laughs]
A summoner, eh?
You mean to say,
if I cut down this knight,
that will be the end?
[gasps]
[WOLF BANE] Now there is no one
left to protect the princess.
Mira!
[WOLF BANE yells]
[MIRA]
Heh.
[WOLF BANE yelps]
Okay. Obviously my
reach is shorter,
but it's also easier for me
to slip into the enemy's space.
This will be my first
close-quarters fight
in this form, but I
think I'll manage.
[WOLF BANE] What the hell?
What did you do?
It was but a mere love tap.
Nothing to get so
upset about, you brat.
Am I crazy?
Or was that just...
Immortal Arts?
[WOLF BANE]
Don't get so cocky, little girl!
[MIRA]
Back when this was a game,
I couldn't sense things like
the flow of air as he strikes.
But now...!
You have my gratitude.
I'm getting back into the
swing of things, thanks to you.
[WOLF BANE]
You impertinent little wretch!
[groans]
[MIRA] As I suspected, only
spells do any real damage.
Which means I should
stop holding back
and get serious.
Whoa!
Flicker, something wrong?
The aura surrounding
Mira has changed.
Now it's even stronger...
and deeper.
[WOLF BANE] Why won't you just
accept your defeat?
I refuse!
[WOLF BANE groans]
Did--Did she do it?
No. Not yet!
I barely even
felt a thing, girl!
I've trained my body endlessly;
it can handle a few
attacks of that level!
So you're as tough as I feared.
All right, then I won't
waste any more time.
[WOLF BANE]
Impudence! You are but a human!
[MIRA laughs]
Paralysis? But how?
It doesn't look like that
will hold for very long.
Understandable,
considering your strength.
Luckily...
[MIRA]
I told you this at the start.
But in case you forgot,
I'm a summoner.
Impressive.
Is it over this time?
Mira, that was great!
[ALL cheer]
[TACT] That was incredibly
cool, Miss Mira!
[MIRA]
Yes. It was, wasn't it?
[EMELLA]
You really saved us. Thank you!
[ZEF] Yeah, we'd have been toast
if we didn't have you with us!
I've done nothing
to deserve your thanks.
In fact, I rather dragged you
down here myself, did I not?
[FLICKER]
So strong, yet so humble!
I think that's your most
attractive feature, Mira!
[ASVAL] But seriously,
why are you so strong anyway?
Yeah! I mean,
not only can you summon,
but you can also use
the Immortal Arts!
Plus, you just became
an adventurer
and you're already at Rank C.
Huh. So you do
wonder about that.
[MIRA]
Well, at this point
I owe them some
sort of explanation.
Have you ever heard of
a person called Danblf?
[EMELLA]
Of course!
They call him the
"the One-Man Army,"
he's a legendary summoner,
not to mention one
of the Nine Wise Men!
Doubt there's anyone
in this kingdom
who doesn't know him.
I've heard stories
about him! He's so cool!
I see.
[clears throat]
I am a pupil of the
aforementioned Danblf.
My mentor cannot move about
freely at the moment,
so I'm acting in his stead.
That explains it!
Now I see why you're
as good as you are.
Aw, man, did you hear that?
Danblf took a pupil under
his wing. I had no idea!
What about you, Flicker?
He took a pupil? Seriously?
But it's unheard of
for the Nine Wise Men
to take on students!
Your looks are incomparable,
you're a tremendously
accomplished magic user,
and on top of that,
you've got this
awesome backstory?
You're making me
like you even more!
What are you trying
to do to me, Mira?
--This isn't fair!
--[MIRA] Sorry. Anyway.
This may be odd coming from me,
but shouldn't you be
at least a tad skeptical?
I'm aware my story's
a bit out there,
so I expect some doubt
from those I tell.
I dunno, you don't seem
like someone who'd lie.
I mean, you helped us.
You're a good person!
[gasps]
[ASVAL]
Now that you mention it,
the way you fought
reminded me of Danblf.
I'm no expert, but my old man
did tell me stories
about the guy.
It checks out.
You're both summoners, but you
can both give 'em the business
yourself when it
comes down to it.
I suppose.
[FLICKER]
Listen.
It may've been a long time ago,
but the Wise Men
saved this kingdom.
So to us, they're kind of
like heroes of legend.
So in Tact's eyes,
with you being
one of the Wise Men's pupil, you
might as well be a hero reborn.
Kind of a big deal.
You think so?
[MIRA]
Yes.
Further proof these people
aren't just NPCs.
Each one of them has parents,
memories of their childhood,
and are living in the now.
[MIRA] It's true.
We must protect this kingdom.
Right, Solomon?
[EMELLA] "Behold!" Danblf,
the One-Man Army proclaimed
loud and clear,
as he summoned thousands
of magic circles
in the skies above!
Sha-bam!
Ugh. How is it that you're
still telling this story?
[EMELLA]
What do you mean?
We're just getting
to the good part!
There's so much more left to go!
[MIRA grumbles] Clearly my
biggest mistake of the day
was off-handedly expressing
interest in this tale.
You know what would
make us all feel better?
A celebration when
we get back to town.
Agreed. Where d'you think
we should go, though?
--What is it?
--[explosions]
--Hang on. Is that...?
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Not good.